Release v1.0.0-rc.1 (#1065)
fluxcd/source-controller: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 1.0.0-rc.1

**Release date:** 2023-03-30

This release candidate promotes the `GitRepository` API from `v1beta2` to `v1`.
The controller now supports horizontal scaling using
sharding based on a label selector.

In addition, support for Azure Workload Identity was added to
`OCIRepositories`, `Buckets` and `HelmRepositories` when using `provider: azure`.

### Highlights

#### API changes

The `GitRepository` kind was promoted from v1beta2 to v1 (GA) and deprecated fields were removed.

The common types `Artifact`, `Conditions` and the `Source` interface were promoted to v1.

The `gitrepositories.source.toolkit.fluxcd.io` CRD contains the following versions:
- v1 (storage version)
- v1beta2 (deprecated)
- v1beta1 (deprecated)

#### Upgrade procedure

> The `GitRepository` v1 API is backwards compatible with v1beta2 with the following exceptions:
> - the deprecated field `.spec.gitImplementation` was removed
> - the unused field `.spec.accessFrom` was removed
> - the deprecated field `.status.contentConfigChecksum` was removed
> - the deprecated field `.status.artifact.checksum` was removed
> - the `.status.url` was removed in favor of the absolute `.status.artifact.url`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GitRepository` v1 API is backwards compatible with v1beta2, except for the following:

- the deprecated field `.spec.gitImplementation` was removed
- the unused field `.spec.accessFrom` was removed
- the deprecated field `.status.contentConfigChecksum` was removed
- the deprecated field `.status.artifact.checksum` was removed
- the `.status.url` was removed in favor of the absolute `.status.artifact.url`
```

maybe to prevent "with ... with"?
